README.md, before:

### Hi there 👋
<p align="left"> 
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats-sigma-five.vercel.app/api?username=george0st&custom_title=JiSt's%20GitHub%20statistics&show_icons=true&theme=default&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true" 
    alt="george0st" />&nbsp;&nbsp;<img height="200px" src="./images/k4_sm.png"/>  
  <!--
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=george0st&custom_title=JiSt's%20GitHub%20statistics&show_icons=true&theme=shadow_green&rank_icon=percentile&include_all_commits=true&theme=transparent" alt="george0st" />&nbsp;&nbsp;<img height="200px" src="./images/k4_sm.png"/>
  -->
</p>

![Profile views counter](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=george0st-git&style=flat-square)

<!--
<img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=george0st&custom_title=JiSt's%20GitHub%20statistics&show_icons=true&theme=shadow_green&rank_icon=default&include_all_commits=true&theme=transparent" alt="george0st" />
<img src="https://github-readme-stats-sigma-five.vercel.app/api?username=george0st&show_icons=true&theme=default&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true"/>
<img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=george0st&show_icons=true&theme=shadow_green&rank_icon=default&include_all_commits=false&theme=transparent" alt="george0st" />
<img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=george0st&show_icons=true&theme=shadow_green&rank_icon=percentile&include_all_commits=false&theme=transparent" alt="george0st" />
-->

- 🔭 I’m working on architecture and the development, analysis are my hobbies (happy to connect in [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jiristeuer/) also)
- ⚡ [Real facts](https://www.linkedin.com/search/results/content/?keywords=%23gosh2inout&sortBy=%22date_posted%22):
  - "Almost everything is possible, it's just a matter of time, resources and quality", but the reality is about limited sources, it means "some things don't make sense to do because it takes a long time, a lot of resources, etc."
  - "If you want to show the reliability and quality ... show standard outputs, the test code coverage and vulnerability tests."
  - "Doing IT without IT is a beautiful idea ... fully functional only in the heads of an idealist and feasible in limited areas."
  - "Using the one universal hammer for everything is not always the best ... try to think about the differences and don't be lazy."
  - "How can you accelerate your innovation, simply? Reduce the quality, minimize effort in non-innovative areas such as tests, documentation, operations, security, etc."
  - "The truth must give way to a good story ... it is standard sales rules which can impacted all. Trust but verify, this applies 100% in IT."
  - "Added value does not end in perfectionism, but in the ability to connect things."
  - "The quality of the documentation will always be most appreciated by those who lack the documentation completely."
  - "Everyone makes mistakes, but only a donkey makes the same mistakes repeatedly, so feedback, a detailed look at the reasons for the failure and critical thinking are extremely important."
  - "You can run as fast as you want to the goal, but you won't reach the one ... consider your position on the map and relevant direction => Don't forget identify your maturity level ..."
  - etc.

<div align="center">
  <h2>Contact</h2>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/jiristeuer/" target="_blank">
    <img src="./images/linkedin_sm.png" alt="LinkedIn"/>
  </a>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="https://stackoverflow.com/users/20266647/jist" target="_blank">
    <img src="./images/stackoverflow_sm.png" alt="StackOverflow"/>
  </a>
  <br><br>
</div>

Commit message:

Add quote about ownership and supplier quality

README.md, after:

### Hi there 👋
<p align="left"> 
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats-sigma-five.vercel.app/api?username=george0st&custom_title=JiSt's%20GitHub%20statistics&show_icons=true&theme=default&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true" 
    alt="george0st" />&nbsp;&nbsp;<img height="200px" src="./images/k4_sm.png"/>  
  <!--
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=george0st&custom_title=JiSt's%20GitHub%20statistics&show_icons=true&theme=shadow_green&rank_icon=percentile&include_all_commits=true&theme=transparent" alt="george0st" />&nbsp;&nbsp;<img height="200px" src="./images/k4_sm.png"/>
  -->
</p>

![Profile views counter](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=george0st-git&style=flat-square)

<!--
<img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=george0st&custom_title=JiSt's%20GitHub%20statistics&show_icons=true&theme=shadow_green&rank_icon=default&include_all_commits=true&theme=transparent" alt="george0st" />
<img src="https://github-readme-stats-sigma-five.vercel.app/api?username=george0st&show_icons=true&theme=default&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true"/>
<img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=george0st&show_icons=true&theme=shadow_green&rank_icon=default&include_all_commits=false&theme=transparent" alt="george0st" />
<img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=george0st&show_icons=true&theme=shadow_green&rank_icon=percentile&include_all_commits=false&theme=transparent" alt="george0st" />
-->

- 🔭 I’m working on architecture and the development, analysis are my hobbies (happy to connect in [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jiristeuer/) also)
- ⚡ [Real facts](https://www.linkedin.com/search/results/content/?keywords=%23gosh2inout&sortBy=%22date_posted%22):
  - "Almost everything is possible, it's just a matter of time, resources and quality", but the reality is about limited sources, it means "some things don't make sense to do because it takes a long time, a lot of resources, etc."
  - "If you want to show the reliability and quality ... show standard outputs, the test code coverage and vulnerability tests."
  - "Doing IT without IT is a beautiful idea ... fully functional only in the heads of an idealist and feasible in limited areas."
  - "Using the one universal hammer for everything is not always the best ... try to think about the differences and don't be lazy."
  - "How can you accelerate your innovation, simply? Reduce the quality, minimize effort in non-innovative areas such as tests, documentation, operations, security, etc."
  - "The truth must give way to a good story ... it is standard sales rules which can impacted all. Trust but verify, this applies 100% in IT."
  - "Added value does not end in perfectionism, but in the ability to connect things."
  - "The quality of the documentation will always be most appreciated by those who lack the documentation completely."
  - "Everyone makes mistakes, but only a donkey makes the same mistakes repeatedly, so feedback, a detailed look at the reasons for the failure and critical thinking are extremely important."
  - "You can run as fast as you want to the goal, but you won't reach the one ... consider your position on the map and relevant direction => Don't forget identify your maturity level ..."
  - "if you hold ownership and your supplier does not deliver at the requested quality ... act like an owner, insist on quality or compensation... you pay and define the rules, show your strength (not mercy)"
  - etc.

<div align="center">
  <h2>Contact</h2>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/jiristeuer/" target="_blank">
    <img src="./images/linkedin_sm.png" alt="LinkedIn"/>
  </a>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="https://stackoverflow.com/users/20266647/jist" target="_blank">
    <img src="./images/stackoverflow_sm.png" alt="StackOverflow"/>
  </a>
  <br><br>
</div>
